I did a lot of work trying this out. When I started it was quite difficult for me to enter the gitt bash installed and get sublime text working. That is why I started the command line tutorial first. Now I feel a little bit more confortable navigating the bash environment. Getting the differences was not hard. Now I have a working version control folder working so that is great.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It easy to get back to a working former file or to add back things that were deleted. So it is never necesary to do the same work twice.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

It is good that the versions have  logical changes. Otherwise the code coude contain a lot of errors. The commits are realy handy to check what changes have been made. The downside is that one needs to be very thoughtfull about keeping the changes in a structured manner manualy.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

For coding there wil be lots of changes in files that belong together, like .html .css .js. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

With git log I can view the commits in the repository like asteroids. Then looking at the commits, I can compare two files by git diff old and newId.  For color I can use the command: git config --global color.ui auto.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Because you know it is always possible to return to a working version, it is not possible to mess up the whole project. So it is possible to make some risky changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I would first like to use it to finish this course. After I have some understanding I would like to work with it for my developer courses online  and my own projects.